todo.md, before:

- [ ] fix naming
	- [ ] long_identifier_or_op
- [ ] add impliments syntax

- [ ] remove old fsharp code
- [ ] test for parsing invalid code
- [ ] unify the patterns and expressions
	- [ ] make a shared subcollection for things that are in both 
- [ ] dotexpression seems weird and we should try to fix that 
- [ ] tighten up cases from fsharp

	- [ ] long_identifier
		roc has strict naming for module name vs function names 
	- [ ] also should be able to parse tags and make a tag pattern type

	- [ ] i believe tags is getting matched incorrectly


- [ ] Make a record pattern seperate from a record expression


Something about my whole setup is a bit messed up. i had to add else to the list of expressions because it wouldn't ever get passed when it was inside if... maybe i should try restarting this and basing it more off python, they seem to be very well set up

I think better use of precidence would help a lot

If i make use of inlining i can split up my expressions better, infact i should be using it more generally
I can probably fix a bunch of my issues using the conflicts field, which should make tree-sitter explore the next token;w
 b

I made a significant error.
roc is actually like elm in that you cannot have a sequence of expressions in a function body.
eg :
main=
	a b 
	c d
this syntax is invalid because there is no "void" type

Commit message:

massive overhaul of internals to use a more accurate expressions setup
we moved from using a list of expressions to using a sequence of definitions followed by a single expression

todo.md, after:

- [ ] fix naming
	- [ ] long_identifier_or_op
- [x] add impliments syntax

- [x] remove old fsharp code
- [ ] test for parsing invalid code
- [ ] unify the patterns and expressions
	- [ ] make a shared subcollection for things that are in both 
- [x] dotexpression seems weird and we should try to fix that 
- [ ] tighten up cases from fsharp

	- [ ] long_identifier
		roc has strict naming for module name vs function names 
	- [ ] also should be able to parse tags and make a tag pattern type

	- [ ] i believe tags is getting matched incorrectly


- [x] Make a record pattern seperate from a record expression
##big
make the whole system use nested expressions instead of a list of expressions
there are a bunch of cases where we currently don't use expression list swhere we should becasue it causese issues
eg this is valid syntax we don't currently support : 
```elm
{
	a:
		b=10
		b
}

```




Something about my whole setup is a bit messed up. i had to add else to the list of expressions because it wouldn't ever get passed when it was inside if... maybe i should try restarting this and basing it more off python, they seem to be very well set up

I think better use of precidence would help a lot

If i make use of inlining i can split up my expressions better, infact i should be using it more generally
I can probably fix a bunch of my issues using the conflicts field, which should make tree-sitter explore the next token;w
 b

I made a significant error.
roc is actually like elm in that you cannot have a sequence of expressions in a function body.
eg :
main=
	a b 
	c d
this syntax is invalid because there is no "void" type



I need to fundimentally rework things to support inline if statements
